Update content-style-guide.md (#2400)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: contributing/lightbox.md

> The Lightbox component allows clickable images, which are expanded when clicked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Lightbox component to add an image or screenshot to your page. It supports clickable images that expand when clicked.
```

    - Type: string
    - Example: `"/img/hamburger-icon.png"`
- ******alt****** - Set the alt text for the image. This will not show text underneath the image.
    - Optional
    - Type: string
- **********title********** - This sets the text displayed underneath the image.
    - Optional
    - Type: string
    - If the `alt` prop is not set, but `title` is, the title will be used as the alt text as well.
- ********************collapsed******************** - Set the images to be inline, rather than stacked. This is useful for when displaying two images side by side ([example](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/collaborate/manage-access/set-up-sso-azure-active-directory)), or when displaying the image inline with a sentence.
    - Optional
    - Type: boolean (true/false)
- **********width********** - Set a custom width for the image.
    - Optional (Defaults to max width of 400px)
    - Accepts `px` and `%` values. For example: `600px` , `100%`
- **************alignment************** - Determine if image should be left, center, or right aligned
    - Optional (Defaults to center)
    - Accepts `left`, `right`, `center`. If any other value is entered, it defaults to `center`

> 

Reviewer: sugg using a table instead of a list to present this ^ referential content. lookup might be a bit easier with a table.
